In the 90s. cocaine trafficking
and the control of Madrid's discos
was in the hands of a gang
that monopolized
hundreds of front covers
and TV programs: the Miamis.
"The Immortal" was the boss.
This story is inspired by his reign
and the city that saw him die
so many times.
The dialogue
and some situations and characters
have been fictionalized
for the benefit of dramatization.
When are we getting my hair cut?
What's wrong with your hair?
Miriam cut it like a boy.
Miriam must have lice.
How can she have lice?
Her mother didn't want to
and she cut it herself.
Well. we'll see.
-Besides. who's in charge here?
-I am.
-And then?
-You.
There you go.
Right. here we are.
Watch you don't break the project.
And if they ask...
-I did it all by myself.
-Good.
You owe me something. right?
I love you.
Bloody kid.
Help!
THE IMMORTAL
MADRID. 10 YEARS BEFORE
-Johnny.
-See you later.
José!
Give me a half.
You. get back.
Back further. shit.
Hey.
-What'll you give me for this?
-Not even "good morning". Come on!
What's up. José?
You want something?
What a little angel Manolo is.
he's got fans as far as Sebastopol.
Do you think I'm an idiot?
Look what he brought me.
and not even a laugh.
José!
When it's all fine.
I've got my good side.
But don't push it
or you'll see the other.
Tomorrow at the gym. pal.
Don't be late. eh?
Don't stress it. José.
No? And what do I do?
-Easy. Give up dealing.
-Yeah. sure.
Fuck... And work in garage
with my brother?
-Sure.
-You can come at 9 a.m.
It won't kill you. eh? Here...
Sebas. get a haircut.
-What's up?
-What are you doing here?
-José's girl dances here.
-Okay. man. see you.
Yepa. Let's go.
Rober. you don't get it.
My brother wasn't born to work.
but to be a marquis.
Fuck no. the King of Spain!
Look out! Yepa!
That's what I want: money.
For that you have to get organized.
You got that right. Fucking Titans.
they've got it going on.
Mind my joint. bro.
Look at them.
parking at the fucking door.
The red Corvette is classy. really.
What about your girl?
You're mine.
-Maui!
-Our ticket.
-Do we go in or what?
-Do you have to line up?
No. you come with me.
Let's go.
Ciao. line. Ciao. ciao.
Marco!
-They're with me.
-Okay.
-Yes.
-Good evening.
Is the "gas man" with you?
The "gas man" can bust
your head right now.
He's with me.
Let's go.
Everything alright?
-You want them to throw me out?
-He's a dick. What do I do?
Yeah. they're dicks.
but thanks to those jerks
I pay the bills. okay?
-Okay.
-I get it.
-Good.
We're in. We're in.
-And for free.
-You bet.
-I don't dance.
-You do dance.
Maui.
we'll see you dance. right?
You dancing now?
Great! Go! Everything alright?
What happened up there?
That dick. I almost busted him one.
You do look like the gas man. bro.
Gas man. fuck that.
He looks like Naranjito. right?
Let's go!
Break the ice.
Break the ice. Let's go!
Let's go!
José!
José. let's go!
I'll have to owe you 200 pesetas.
Sure.
Your 200.
-José. what's up with you?
-Look at that guy.
He's got it under wraps.
Look.
Look. he's on the move.
To the pretty boy from TV.
Look at him.
Let's go. motherfucker!
Let's go!
What the fuck's he doing
with the turtle?
Move it. turtle!
He's having a race. look. look.
If people knew what
he takes when he's out of sight.
The more loot they've got.
the more they huff. look at them.
Everyone does. Rober.
Lawyers. doctors. everyone.
And Gominas has me
selling to lowlifes. fuck it.
Forget about it.
Have fun. life is short.
I want to have fun.
and to be there. not here.
Accept it. bro.
Look. I'm shit.
your brother's shit.
but you're top shit.
Bighead. I'm getting a beer.
Maybe you shouldn't grope
so many butts.
-Is she your girlfriend?
-Yeah. she is. Got a problem?
-You're into that?
-Yeah.
-What are you doing. retard?
-What? Don't touch me.
That'll do.
Don't shit me. Sebas.
-You gonna hit a girl. or what?
-I'm getting another drink.
Get on home.
Go home.
Don't go.
I'm meeting Carlitos.
Carlitos is still asleep.
Maybe.
But I gotta go.
-I hate you.
-Hate you too.
You make it easy for me. Eduardo.
Nine points we got on you.
Shut up. man.
The local Barça fan.
how embarrassing.
Cover me for a moment.
-Business is booming. eh?
-You bet.
I got you down for 12
and a porra for Carlitos.
-Careful. it's cut. eh?
-Your boss is a bastard.
-It's what there is.
-Wait. here.
For your mom.
They're looking for a woman.
It's 9 floors
and a bastard to clean.
but I think it's good for her.
-Thanks. David.
-Thank you.
-Gorgeous.
-Look at the time.
-How are you?
-About to go to work.
-Good.
-Where's your brother?
You tell me.
Churritos.
-And the chocolate...?
-Good morning. Where's Carlitos?
In bed.
He gave us such a night
with his nightmares.
-Did they complain?
-Fuck them.
I don't complain when she
and her man fuck all night.
-Language. Carmen.
-But she's right.
-Come on. you'll be late.
-Coming.
-Bye.
So. do I look nice?
To die for.
Flatterer.
Slacker! Get up!
Leave me alone.
"Leave me alone?"
-Fuck!
-What happened last night?
-I was playing all night.
-Playing with who?
-Playing with...
-All night.
-With who?
-My video console.
Come on. let's get to the gym.
Hey. I dreamt
that I bought you this gym.
Yeah?
So you train every day.
What do you think of that?
-I think it's good.
-Good. right? Sure.
-What do you want to do today?
-Everything.
To get strong.
Stay more on your right.
your right to the chin.
Chin. on the right.
Close up your elbows. Easy...
-Go at it hard today. eh?
-Yeah.
Outflank with your left hand.
Go. Jonathan.
-Boxing warmup or what?
-Yeah. sure.
Yeah. right? See you soon.
Justo!
My brother says he's keen today.
-Good morning.
-Hi.
José Antonio. go down.
-Hello.
-Hey. what's up?
-Who's that?
-Petty dealer. from the Gypsies.
The guy sang like Camarón.
If we're not careful
they'll take our turf.
Did you hear me?
-Did you hear me?
-Yes.
We found Nano.
You go with Fausti
and make things clear.
How clear?
As clear as cheap broth. Go on.
Want one?
It's the next turnoff.
You think I can't pay you.
Is that it. José. really?
Not pay you... I always pay.
-I just need a week to...
-A week. no. Nano. The money.
I've got the buyer. a guy
at Postiguet Beach. in Alicante.
The money or you get in the car.
I'm not getting in the car.
no fucking way.
We can talk here.
but I'm not getting in the fucking car.
Nano. it's the easy way
or the hard way.
How do I explain this?
Are you getting in the car?
Fuck that. you'll shoot me.
Do you think I'm an asshole?
-Are you getting in the car?
-Okay. Okay!
Now!
-Don't fuck with me. Nano.
-I'll drive.
-Don't fuck with me.
-If you shoot me. we crash.
Open the fucking door.
this will end badly.
A week. five days. man.
What's that?
You want it to end badly?
No. The window as well...
No. no. no!
-Fuck!
-Not the window!
Alright. alright!
Okay. Break two fingers.
but not my thumb. you hear?
Don't touch the chassis. asshole.
I'm sick of you being
a week late.
you're such a drag. Nano.
Asshole.
My shoulder. motherfucker.
-You got one week to pay.
-Fuck you guys!
I'll never buy from you again!
You won't get a cent from me!
Who you gonna buy from?
Who?
-Who?
-Yeah.
-From the Colombians.
-What?
The Colombians.
You don't believe me. José?
Ask Marcelo. he's handling
distribution in Madrid. Ask him.
What's more.
I'll buy from him
and tell him to break
your legs. motherfuckers.
I don't look like
such an asshole now.
You talk too much. you prick.
That's your problem.
Bigmouth fuck.
This is for the window.
GLASSES SHOP
REPAIR SHOP
Fuck!
-Hey!
What a beauty. eh?
A 1960 Buick. right?
Did you see?
Like the old man won off the hardware
guy at cards. remember?
They could've caught him cheating
and killed him on the spot.
It didn't last the bastard long.
Whose is it?
That moron Andresito won the lottery
and doesn't know
what to spend the money on.
"Sebas. check it. please".
-The world's unfair.
-You bet.
The window needs changing.
we had a little problem.
Give me the cash
and I'll get you a new one.
-Yeah?
-Hey...
Here you go.
Listen. José.
José. José.
I'm thinking of closing down.
This is a bottomless pit.
Why don't you talk
to Gominas about me?
Can't I work the turf with you?
Can't I bust the head
of the fool who did that to you?
We'll see.
What are you laughing at?
"We'll see" is better than
the usual "no".
Yeah. right?
I got you the Renault. by the way.
Good morning.
Let's go for a spin.
Wanna drive?
HOSPITAL
You know what
the height of lust is?
Mounting Everest.
Get it?
You want to set up on your own?
Like everyone.
Well...
I'm buying from the Colombians
and heading for Valencia.
The Bakalao Route
has room for everyone.
But there. not Nano.
The Titans...
-How do you know him?
-Mutual friends.
Tile businessmen from Castellón.
-Tiles.
-Yes. bathroom ceramics.
How much for introducing me?
We buy together and go 50/50.
Seriously?
-60/40 if you pay my Gominas debt.
-Alright.
Okay.
There. top it up. shit.
How much blow do you want?
I get a kilo for 5 million pesetas
and you make 500.000 per package.
More. if you want to cut it.
like your boss.
No. I'm not dealing shit.
Fine.
How much money you got?
Because you got money. right?
And one. two. three. four.
five. six and waltz. Waltz.
Waltz.
And up. hold it...
Piqué. Piqué.
-It tastes nice.
-It's good.
No. it's not. it's spicy.
-Hot as...
-It's nice.
We get the keys
to the flat tomorrow.
-Don't forget the money. eh?
-Fine.
You didn't spend it. right?
No. No. seriously.
Well...
three in the afternoon.
It's when we meet
the real estate guy.
If you're late and we lose
the flat. I'll kill you.
-If we do. there are others.
-Sure.
But not at that price.
I've got some fucking great
business lined up.
and I need your part
of the money and mine.
And with a little patience
I'll buy you a palace
in a few weeks.
Yes. but I don't want a palace.
I want my two rooms. that's it.
-That's it.
-Yes. that's it.
You're saying if I buy you a house
with more bathrooms
than Madonna's house.
you won't like it.
José...
that's a no.
I have to think of my future.
Fine.
That's the way it is.
It's 9 in the morning.
8 in the Canaries...
Sure she didn't give you the money.
Maui's pretty. but not dumb.
How much do you make
from each of these?
With what I spend on them
to look like this.... peanuts.
-Hi.
-Hi. Luis. how are you?
But I have to sell one
to feed the others. eh?
-I wouldn't sell any of them.
-So you do sell them.
Maybe Gominas will buy one
for fighting.
Fuck that.
Making them fight other dogs
is disgusting.
-Luisito.
-Son. food's ready.
-Are you staying. Josito?
-Not today.
I'm taking him to see
if I can set him straight.
You're missing out.
I made lentils.
Great.
And sort out the mutts first.
you always leave it in a mess.
Yeah. Gran. yeah.
I wouldn't be surprised
if Pepa had a couple
of million under the mattress.
Yeah. 25. fuck that.
-Fifteen.
-Fucking open up.
Open up. they'll eat me.
Pepa. I wonder if you can lend me
a couple of million.
I've got some shady business
that you'll love.
-If I find out. I'll kill you.
-No. Gran. he's kidding.
Fucking contraption.
What's wrong?
What is it?
What do you want? Hello.
Count me out.
If I get put inside.
my Gran will die of shock.
Look. Rober. I've been saving
your ass since school.
so it'll be easy to find someone
who's not a wuss.
If Gominas or the Titans find out
you're gonna do the dirty on them.
they'll kill you.
José...
They'll kill you.
Shit.
You're right. but what do I do?
Yeah. I give it up.
find a courier job
and start a new life.
You dickhead.
Where will you get
the money you need?
I'll just see.
BANK
Got the time?
Three.
-Shall we get another?
-Let's go.
Let's go. Let's go.
How are you?
-Studying and smoking? Great.
-Shit.
-Hey!
-Pull!
Your girl called. the Mexican.
-Yeah? What did she say?
-"Where the fuck are you?".
You're to go to hell.
you fucked up the flat thing.
Well...
Back to jerkin' off. huh?
We have to talk.
Yeah?
-Did you talk to Gominas?
-No.
-I want you to steal a car for me.
-A car?
Why do you want a car?
Nothing local.
I don't want trouble.
-Done.
-Yeah?
Yeah.
-Well...
-That's it.
I'll tell you.
Yeah. go on.
Remember. we're in round 5.
European Lightweight Championship.
Voluntary defense.
The champ on the left.
Poli Díaz.
In the capital. Abu Dhabi
is our TVE colleague.
Arturo Pérez Reverte.
Come on. José. shit.
...most of the Iraqi Air Force
has been destroyed...
Come on.
Come on. José.
...bombardments that.
in successive waves.
have been launched
as of early this morning.
Shit.
Come on. Shit!
God!
Fuck. she's fucking hot.
I'm calling the police.
Come on. José. shit!
Fucking great!
Go. go. go!
Come on!
Come on. come on!
Fucking hell. go.
Nice. kid!
Fucking great. motherfucker.
Eyes front. eyes front.
Shit.
Move it. Sebas. move it.
It's turning out great.
So. did you bring what I asked?
Yes. here.
Mine and this guy's. all of it.
-No. not that. the other thing.
-Yes.
Beans from my dad's garden.
-Great. great.
-Top notch. eh?
You don't need to put the loot
where I'm going to eat.
That's for gringos.
they don't trust anyone.
They like everything
to be like in the movies.
The loot. guns on the table...
But we're kind
of half-brothers. right?
We're all Latins.
no need for so much protocol.
Thanks. Marcelo.
Next time. if there is one.
there's no need to bring
the money up front.
So. you haven't given me
the coke yet
and you're already doubting
if I'll buy again. or what?
We're off to a bad start. eh?
As bullfighting fans say.
Madrid is a tricky arena.
I'll go to Valencia with the blow.
What do I do?
And the top "toreadors" won't let
you snap up their turf so easily.
They should be careful
that the bull doesn't gore them.
I hope you're sure how to move
so much merchandise.
If you get two blocks.
two blocks from the disco.
the Titans will rip out your heart.
-That's my problem.
-Okay.
Is it to your liking?
Is it good. Mami?
Cheers.
Look. I'll tell you.
I'm a journalist
because I did the degree. okay?
I get paid to ask questions. honey.
Hey. are you laughing at me?
Look here.
this is disrespectful. I mean...
Please. ladies. let's keep calm.
-But say something to her.
-Please. Lidia. sit down.
-I don't...
-Lidia. sit down. please.
-I don't understand.
-This is impossible.
That's it for today's program.
but next week will be big.
Isabel Pantoja will be here.
presenting her new songs live.
As the maestro said.
tempus fugit.
We're out.
Thank you. everyone.
Five minutes. fuck.
Who the fuck are you?
José Antonio. a good friend
of the house.
Fine. José Antonio.
but you can't be here.
Well done. I loved it.
the way you handled the end...
Thanks. I know.
but you can't be here.
Relax. I'm offering you
something real good.
-I have a present.
-A present? I don't want any.
What about this?
Just try it. it's much better
than the Titans' stuff.
Really.
-You're not a cop. right?
-No way.
Look. Caballero.
you get one of these for every friend
you introduce me to.
You can sell it. huff it.
do what you like.
Enjoyment is what
we're here for. right?
Fuck.
There we go!
We're dogs. motherfuckers!
Paquito. how are you?
Look what I brought.
Will you get me one. please?
You like the good stuff.
right. goofball?
You can call him Ludovic
or. even better. Vico.
-You're such a fag.
-Call him Vico.
Three whiskies and Coke.
-No. short beer or me.
-A short beer.
-Don't be a fag. we're loaded.
-Go on!
A Chivas. please.
Hey!
Look. this is what we'll do.
You'll have a bottle
with my name on it: José Antonio.
When me and my buddies
feel like it. you get us a drink.
And while you're at.
two tequilas. Rameses.
-Fucking swagger. bro.
-Swagger. how?
He bought some Levi's
and he thinks he's Prince Charles.
When are the Titans
gonna figure it out.
Whenever they fucking like.
You're pushing it alright.
-You're pushing it.
-We'll cross that bridge...
If they get nasty.
we'll waste them.
What? Two days ago you were
up to your ass in grease.
and now you're talking about
killing like a fucking gangster.
Well. well.
Something's gotta be done
with them. right?
No bullshit for me.
Relax. Sophocles. fuck.
are we partying or what?
To the guys.
-To us.
-Go on. cheers.
-Cheers.
Give this to Maui. please.
Tell her I'm sorry. I screwed up.
Your eyes are popping out. man.
Is your name "Charles"?
Then forget it.
How are you?
Good.
I'll buy you a drink
and you tell me your name.
Is that your best pickup line?
Yes.
Right.
But I'm not one of those girls.
Let's get out of here.
-Isa. is he bothering you?
-Get outta here. Snoopy.
What did you call me?
Sorry. sorry.
I didn't want any trouble. really.
I'm talking to your friend.
-Maui. here. From José.
-What?
I can give you a ride home.
Take it easy. you got to fuck me
because you're so cheeky
I found it amusing.
but that's it.
What's your problem with me?
I don't want to hang with bad boys.
It didn't look like it
a moment ago.
Bye.
Thanks. eh?
I'd never been with a posh chick.
Is there nobody else
at home or what?
Fuck. what are you doing here?
The fucking Gypsies.
Get dressed. we're going.
Where are we going
at this hour?
Get dressed.
they're waiting for us.
-Everything alright?
-Sure.
Come on.
Alright.
-Look after Carlitos. Carmen.
-I can't. I've got class.
Yes. you can.
Who was it?
The Rafitas kid.
The son of a bitch thinks
he can take the turf
with some shitty muscle work. Get in.
-Where are we going?
-To say good morning to him.
No. he drives today.
you in the passenger seat.
Get in. fuck.
we don't have all day.
Want a light?
-No. there's a light here.
-Light him up.
There's a light here.
-You think I was born yesterday?
-Don't shit me. Gominas.
The Titans thought
that I was fucking with their business.
You were the one
who should've fucking done it.
-And you still got time.
-Yeah?
Put the gun down. please.
I've got the Colombians' contact.
We can work together
and fuck up the Titans. Gominas.
You've got some balls...
Fucking shoot him!
Shoot him! Fucking shoot him!
What are you doing?
That's it. that's it.
-You just fucked up my life.
-You didn't do anything.
You killed two people.
and now I'm an accomplice.
-Relax. I'll take care of it.
-Yeah. relax. my ass.
Relax.
Good. there. good.
Well. you see how it is.
Gominas isn't around now
and we all know each other.
so if you don't like it.
there's the door.
Anyone who wants to stay
is welcome. Okay?
You heard.
What do you want to do?